The power of the dragon and yellow is like the clear spirit of the earth,
Feeling confused at the top, evil people at the bottom,
Return them all, then deal with them,
Let him hurt his karma and take him away,
Let us serve you for free, are you here?
Honey, let’s go, Master,
Yes, yes, who are you Xiuru?
By the end of the year, before the first road,
Even those who agree, otherwise it is certain,
One person, thousand dragons, consecutive hands,
The rate of four major carriers.
The temperature level is fire, build a building,
Snow station January lowers the workshop.
Take the Jiguo Ducheng, you say, repair the upstairs, don’t admit it
Why did I think Wen was the one who answered the law?
I can only ask you to go and don't admit it.
Even if we don’t agree with our thinking, we won’t let us go.
What about your blood doctor at the company?
You also think I will go for a tight test